NEXT.md, before:



# New stuff
Soul berries (can grow on soul soil)\
Bone berries (can grow when skeletons die)\
Basalt berries, grow vertically up from basalt columns, imitating the columns\
Void berries, that grow underneath the small end islands between the bigger, continental islands. There's a small critter that can be tempted with chorus fruit, and they automatically pick berries from the berry stalks, swapping with the chorus fruit they are given. Void berries give you the voidhopper effect, making you launch upwards when you fall below y = 10 or so in the end.   
Berry paste - from grindstone  
Bone paste can be turned into bone meal, by drying it (campfire?)  
Void paste is for drugs! Basalt paste is for drugs! erm, I mean, elixirs  
Soul berries, what do they do... (they give you a new status effect, that lets you phase through 1 layer of blocks)  
Soul paste is for making soul pet feed, bind the souls of your pet to you!  

Chrono berries, they save the position at which you ate them, and then give you an effect\
the effect takes you back to the saved spot when it expires\
Curios trinket integration, with berry based trinkets that activate when needed\
you charge them with berry paste? or something else, based on a specific berry\
depending on which berry paste is used, they give the berry effect on a specific trigger:\
first one would be fireshine, that consumes a charge and gives you fire res when you catch fire

Teleporter-like thing, based on the chrono berries, you have a "wand" to click a position\
and then you make a marker somewhere else(block), the marker takes you to the destination saved, and back again when needed


# Changes
Fireshine berries as a trade in bartering?

# Done
new Fireshine Texture

Commit message:

made the chronoberry, no texture or translation keys yet need to make recipes with it

NEXT.md, after:



# New stuff
Soul berries (can grow on soul soil)\
Bone berries (can grow when skeletons die)\
Basalt berries, grow vertically up from basalt columns, imitating the columns\
Void berries, that grow underneath the small end islands between the bigger, continental islands. There's a small critter that can be tempted with chorus fruit, and they automatically pick berries from the berry stalks, swapping with the chorus fruit they are given. Void berries give you the voidhopper effect, making you launch upwards when you fall below y = 10 or so in the end.   
Berry paste - from grindstone  
Bone paste can be turned into bone meal, by drying it (campfire?)  
Void paste is for drugs! Basalt paste is for drugs! erm, I mean, elixirs  
Soul berries, what do they do... (they give you a new status effect, that lets you phase through 1 layer of blocks)  
Soul paste is for making soul pet feed, bind the souls of your pet to you!  

Chrono berries, they save the position at which you ate them, and then give you an effect\
the effect takes you back to the saved spot when it expires\
Curios trinket integration, with berry based trinkets that activate when needed\
you charge them with berry paste? or something else, based on a specific berry\
depending on which berry paste is used, they give the berry effect on a specific trigger:\
first one would be fireshine, that consumes a charge and gives you fire res when you catch fire

Teleporter-like thing, based on the chrono berries, you have a "wand" to click a position\
and then you make a marker somewhere else(block), the marker takes you to the destination saved, and back again when needed\
Return totem, crafted with chronoberry paste and a regular totem, does the totem effects but also teleports you back to the saved location

# Changes
Fireshine berries as a trade in bartering?

# Done
new Fireshine Texture
